 This is the CBTXREF package.  CBTXREF is an ISPF dialog using table
 CBTSCAN that provides a cross-reference showing which membernames are
 present on which CBT file(s).  The primary routine is CBTXREF.  Several
 subsidiary subroutines are included as well.  The calling sequence for
 any of the routines in this package can be obtained by sending a
 question mark as the first parameter:
         ===> tso cbtxref ?

 Also included is ISPF table CBTSCAN.  This member should be moved to an
 appropriate ISPTLIB dataset.  CBTSCAN details the entire CBT inventory
 whether or not those files are present on a remote system.

 Routine KED is designed to have two aliases: KBR and KVW.  Once KED is
 loaded to your SYSEXEC or SYSPROC, run REALIAS against the member.
 REALIAS will establish the proper aliases.  If KED ever requires a
 change, rerun REALIAS after the change.

 Both KED and CBTXREF will establish their own command table entries if
 requested.  To request these routines to build new command table
 entries, call them with INSTALL as a parameter:
     ===> tso KED (( INSTALL
              (generates KBR, KED, and KVW)
     ===> tso CBTXREF (( INSTALL
              (generates XREF )
 FCCMDUPD, the routine that writes the command table entries, cannot
 write directly to the DASD original of a table that is currently open,
 so specify a non-open copy of the intended command table for the
 newly-generated commands, and IEBCOPY that copy to the appropriate
 destination.

 CBTXREF expects to find files on a user site that conform to certain
 naming standards.  See the HELP-text for CBTXREF:
     ===> tso cbtxref ?
 Installers should probably consider modifying certain defaults within
 CBTXREF to match local conditions so that it is not necessary to
 specify them as parameters.

 Obviously, it's not possible to operate on files that don't exist on
 your site, so 'missing' files are automatically excluded from certain
 processes.  If your site typically downloads a complete copy of the CBT
 inventory, there won't be any missing files.

